---
title: 'Collection 1'
description: 'Collection 1'
pubDate: 'Aug 13 1996'
---

> 'La La Land', directed by Damien Chazelle, 2016.

"How are you gonna be a revolutionary if you're such a traditionalist?"

"They worship everything and they value nothing."

"People love what other people are passionate about."

"How'd you find me here?" // "The house in front of the library."

"I'm letting life hit me until it gets tired. Then I'll hit back. It's a classic rope-a-dope."

"Maybe I'm one of those people that was always wanted to do it, but it's like a pipe dream for me, you know?"

"Where are we?" // "We are just gonna wait and see."

"Here's to the ones who dream. Foolish, as they may seem. Here's to the hearts that ache. Here's to the mess we make."

> Quentin Jerome Tarantino, (1994). Pulp Fiction.

”Don’t you hate that?”<br>
“Hate what?”<br>
“Uncomfortable silences. why do we feel it’s necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable?”<br>
“That’s a good question. I don’t know”<br>
“That’s when you know you found somebody really special. the fuck up for a minute When you can just shut and comfortably share silence.”<br>
“Well, I don’t think we’re quite there yet, but don’t feel bad. We just met each other.”<br>
“I’ll tell you what. I’m gonna go to the bathroom and powder my nose. and think of something to say. You sit here”

> John Maloof, (2013). Finding Vivian Maier.

”Well, I suppose nothing is meant to last forever. We have to make room for other people. It’s a wheel. You get on, you have to go to the end. And then somebody has the same oppurtunity to go to the end and so on.”
